Update repository for public use (#40)
systems-cs-pub-ro/quiz-manager: README.md

> # quiz-manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Quiz Manager
```

> Quiz Manager is a script that provides a set of tools that help managing quizzes designed to work with Quiz Manager Moodle Plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quiz Manager manages quizzes designed to work with the [Quiz Manager Moodle Plugin](https://github.com/systems-cs-pub-ro/quiz-manager-moodle).
```

> ## Install prerequisites:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Requirements

```

All the commands that install the prerequisites are found inside the [Makefile](./Makefile) `install` rule that can be run with the following command:

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```sh
```

make install
```

> ## Run script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage

```

You can run the script using the following command:

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```sh
```

python3 src/quiz_manager.py

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> This CLI application has multiple subcommands. To find out more about each subcommand you can use the `--help` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `quiz_manager.py` application has multiple subcommands.
To find out more about each subcommand you can use the `--help` option.
```

Reviewer: Add a sample output of using `quiz_manager.py --help`.
